aaptOptions	  
Specifies options for the Android Asset Packaging Tool (AAPT).  

adbExecutable	  
Returns a path to the Android Debug Bridge (ADB) executable from the Android SDK.  

adbOptions  	
Specifies APK install options for the Android Debug Bridge (ADB).  

applicationVariants  	
Returns a collection of build variants that the app project includes.  

buildToolsVersion  	
Specifies the version of the SDK Build Tools to use when building your project.  

buildTypes  	
Encapsulates all build type configurations for this project.  

compileOptions  	
Specifies Java compiler options, such as the language level of the Java source code and generated bytecode.  

compileSdkVersion  	
Specifies the API level to compile your project against. The Android plugin requires you to configure this property.  

dataBinding  	
Specifies options for the Data Binding Library.  

defaultConfig  	
Specifies defaults for variant properties that the Android plugin applies to all build variants.  

defaultPublishConfig  	
Specifies the version of the module to publish externally. This property is generally useful only to library modules that you intend to publish to a remote repository, such as Maven.  

dexOptions  	
Specifies options for the DEX tool, such as enabling library pre-dexing.  

externalNativeBuild  	
Specifies options for external native build using CMake or ndk-build.  

flavorDimensionList  	
Specifies the names of product flavor dimensions for this project.   

generatePureSplits	incubating  
Specifies whether to build APK splits or multiple APKs from configurations in the Splits block.  

jacoco	deprecated  
Configuring JaCoCo using this property is deprecated.  

lintOptions  	
Specifies options for the lint tool.  

ndkDirectory  	
The path to the Android NDK that Gradle uses for this project.  

packagingOptions  	
Specifies options and rules that determine which files the Android plugin packages into your APK.  

productFlavors  	
Encapsulates all product flavors configurations for this project.  

resourcePrefix  	
Specifies the module's resource prefix to Android Studio for editor features, such as Lint checks. This property is useful only when using Android Studio.   

sdkDirectory  	
The path to the Android SDK that Gradle uses for this project.  

signingConfigs  	
Encapsulates signing configurations that you can apply to BuildType and ProductFlavor configurations.  

sourceSets  	
Encapsulates source set configurations for all variants.  

splits  	
Specifies configurations for building multiple APKs or APK splits.  

testBuildType  	
Specifies the build type that the plugin should use to test the module.  

testOptions  	
Specifies options for how the Android plugin should run local and instrumented tests.  

testVariants  	
Returns a collection of Android test build variants.  

unitTestVariants	  
Returns a collection of Android unit test build variants.  

variantFilter  	
Specifies variants the Android plugin should include or remove from your Gradle project.  

flavorDimensions(dimensions)	  
Specifies the names of product flavor dimensions for this project.  

useLibrary(name)  	
Includes the specified library to the classpath.  

useLibrary(name, required)	  
Includes the specified library to the classpath.  